add custom formats dropdown example (#4399)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Configuration/RichTextEditorSettings/index.md

    }
  }
```

> Add custom styles to the formats dropdown list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add custom styles to the **Formats** dropdown list in the Richtext Editor.
```

:::tip

> Use a text editor to find and replace `\"` with `"`. This will allow you to edit the json file in an easier to read format. Don't forget to add the `\` back in when you are ready to paste the code back into your app settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a text editor to find and replace `\"` with `"`. This will allow you to edit the JSON file in an easier-to-read format. Don't forget to add the `\` back in when you are ready to paste the code back into your `appsettings.json` file.
```
